Please also ask Mr. Luo to take action,
Of course, you will have no choice but to take them down.
It's just a blessing that this meeting has been going on for a long time.
After saying so much, I still dare not take action.
It's because the King of Heaven doesn't dare to take action in the face of so many people.
You still dare to say that you only have one more minister.
I'm just afraid of finding a happy job after a long time.
But you guys, we dare to offend the Tianwang store,
This bite will kill you.
Okay, but we are thinking of you being an accomplice.
I can give you a chance
You guys stand down now
Take this boy with me
I'll give you a chance
There is a circle to know
After picking you up, I will send you He Zhi News
I still have something to tell you, Luo Yichen, besides you
you prepare me